Hey everybody, good morning and welcome to church.
It is so good to be with you today, whether you are in the room or wherever you are joining us from.
We're so thankful that you decided to be with us today.
And hey, especially welcome to you.
If this is your first time here, man, we are so thankful that you decided to join us today.
You need to know that this is a place where you belong, a place where your story matters to us.
And it matters to God.
It takes a lot of courage to step into someplace new, and we're thankful that you did.
And we're gonna do some singing together.
And we sing, and we worship every single week, and we believe that something powerful happens when we do this because of who we are singing to.
And today, we're singing to a God that is a God of hope, a God of love, a God of freedom.
And when we worship together, we have an opportunity to receive the hope that is found in Jesus to be reminded of who
is and what he has done for us.
Sonambach is staying with us as we sing, as we worship together.
Here we go.
Good to be with you.
We thank you for who you are.
And Jesus, we declare that you are worthy.
You are worthy of our praise.
You are worthy of our worship.
God, you are worthy of everything that we have to give.
God, there is no one like you.
There is none besides you.
God, there is nothing that this world has to offer that could ever compare.
to your goodness, your faithfulness, your grace, your unconditional love for us, no matter where we've been or what we've done.
The mistakes that we've made, God, you see it all and still, you chose us, you chose the cross.
How about a gift that is?
Gotta pray that you would help us just live from that place that you would help us
God, be reminded of who we are, of who you say that we are.
God, that we would fix our eyes on you.
God, I thank you for this time and this place where we get to come together and lift our voices.
Jesus, you deserve it all.
And so right now I ask that you be drawing near to us, that you would speak to us, you would open our hearts
Jesus, we love you.
I'm going to pray all of this in your powerful and precious name.
Amen.
Church, it's great to sing together.
You can go ahead and take a seat.
Well, hey, everyone, and welcome to Eaglebrook Online.
And as you just saw in that video, baptisms are happening next week, which is easily one of the best weekends of the year.
But for us, we are switching it up this year.
See, in years past, we would invite our online attenders to travel here to Minnesota in the middle of winter to get baptized.
And naturally, no one would show up, but we would do the same thing in the summer and have over 70 people travel here from all over the US and even internationally.
And so we decided,
We would do our online baptism somewhere a bit more balmy.
We have three viewing groups in southwest Florida.
near the Fort Myers area and we have steadily been growing and we're going to join two of them for their services on Sunday and then we're going to head to the ocean to do our own baptism service there.
Now we announced this last weekend and since then I've heard some grumblings from other staff and attenders at Eaglebrook saying things like the online team just wants to go to Florida to escape the cold and I'm sure you're going there for baptisms and I just want you to know
that I'm personally offended by any attacks on my character.
And if you think that I would try to leverage this situation for my own personal benefit, then...
Well, all that to say, we are super pumped for what God is doing in Southwest Florida.
And for Easter last year, they rented out a movie theater and they had all of their groups combined and had 115 people attend.
We already have more people signed up to get baptized there than we have the last few years of online winter baptisms combined.
It is going to be amazing.
So if you wanna get baptized in Florida or if you wanna come hang out with us, shoot us an email at online at eaglebrookchurch.com.
Okay, now I want to talk to those of you who live within travel distance to a campus.
And I want to be as serious as I can in swim trunks and flip flops in the freezing cold.
If you have put your faith in Jesus, but haven't yet taken this step to be baptized, now is the time.
I have heard so many people who are just waiting for perfect circumstances or to break that addiction or to clean up their lives before taking this step and let me just say, theologically, that's out of order.
Baptism is the first step of obedience after putting faith in Jesus.
There is no prerequisite.
If you have put your faith in Jesus, whether it was days or decades ago, now is your time.
To get all the details and to register, head to egobrookchurch.com slash baptism.
And as you're doing that, I'm gonna go warm up and hand it over to Jason for today's message.
We are starting a new series today.
It's called Our One Job.
And there is a meme that says, you had one job.
I don't know if you've seen these, but it's like people who just messed up the one job that they had.
Let me show you a couple of examples.
Come on, you had one job.
Just put the cheese in the sandwich.
Here's another one here.
I think that one's real.
I don't think anybody messed up on that one.
Here's the next one here.
of all the words that you're gonna misspell.
Don't misspell the word school.
And then here's a final one.
There's a lot of confusion on that one.
It's like, well, I don't know.
Am I supposed to go left?
Am I supposed to go right?
You had one job.
This is like when my wife got sick and she sent me to the grocery store to get some bone broth.
And I came home a little bit later, no bone broth.
And I had a couple of steaks.
I had one job.
There's about 1,700 commands in the Bible.
But I want to make the argument today that while there's 1,700 commands in the Bible as a follower of Christ, we have one job.
And that one job is called the Great Commission.
But what concerns me is there was a recent study done by the Barna Research Group, and they found that 51% of churchgoers
So we're not talking about the general population.
We're just talking about people who attend church.
51% of churchgoers had no idea what the Great Commission was.
Of those who did know what the Great Commission was, about 25% were like, yeah, I've heard of it, but I'm not exactly sure what that means.
And you might be sitting here and you're like, I don't really know what the Great Commission is.
And my life's fine.
Do I need to know what the Great Commission is?
Why would that even be important?
Imagine for a moment that your boss, CEO, someone like that, called you on the phone and said, hey, I have one job for you.
I have this important job.
I want you to do it.
And you're listening to this on the phone and you go, my life's fine the way it is.
Hang up.
Probably not going to do that to your boss.
Probably not going to do that to someone that you respect.
We're not talking about your boss right now.
We're talking about God.
the one who holds the universe in his hands, the ones who created you and who loves you.
If we're not doing the one job that he's called us to do, then what is it that we're doing?
I was listening to another pastor and he said that when he was 16 years old, somebody asked him this question, if you could accomplish something with your life and you knew that God was with you and you wouldn't fail, what would you try to accomplish?
That's a great question for if you're a younger person.
What would you try to accomplish with your life if you knew that God was with you and that you would not fail?
He said, I've spent the rest of my life trying to live out the answer to that question.
It doesn't matter if you're 16 years old or if you're 75 years old, God has given to you a mission.
The mission is the great commission.
The great commission that I keep speaking about is the words of Jesus.
These were spoken by Jesus himself, and they're recorded at the end of Matthew's gospel.
Here's what it says.
It says, then the 11 disciples, if you're paying attention, there's 12 disciples, why is there 11?
Well, this is after Jesus' resurrection, and so Judas is no longer with them.
Then the 11 disciples went to Galilee, the mountain where Jesus had told them to go.
So Jesus says, hey, I'm gonna meet me here.
When they saw him, so again, this is in resurrected form.
So he died, he's now come back to life.
Some of them worshiped him, some doubted.
It's interesting that Matthew includes that note that some doubted.
I'm like, who are the ones that doubted?
Who are the ones who were like, I saw that guy die and now he's alive and I'm not sure, man.
But here's what he says.
He says they worshiped him, but some doubted.
Then Jesus came to them and said, all authority and heaven and on earth has been given to me.
And then here's the great commission, go.
Go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you.
And then Jesus adds these words, and surely I am with you always to the very end of the age.
If we miss this one verse in the Bible, you might just waste your life.
The one life that God has given to you, you might waste your life.
You're gonna find something, but you might miss the one thing.
You're gonna find something to occupy your time and occupy your mind, and you're gonna get busy doing something, and you might miss out on the one mission, the one job that Jesus Christ has for all of his followers.
So we're gonna take the next three weeks, and we're gonna teach through this one verse.
Today I wanna start with the word go.
Jesus says go.
make disciples of all nations.
When was the last time you shared your faith with someone?
When is the last time you were talking to someone, they didn't really know God, they didn't really know Jesus, they didn't understand what it means to be a follower of Christ, and you sat down and you tried to explain to them what that means.
When was the last time that you did that?
I asked myself that question this fall, I was embarrassed.
Outside of speaking and sharing my faith that way, I could not remember in my everyday life the last time I had told someone about Jesus Christ.
I work at a church, I'm around Christians, I'm friends with Christians, my kids go to a Christian school, I wouldn't have it any differently, but here's what that means.
That means I have to go.
My wife Sarah and I were at a restaurant recently in Minneapolis and the waitress happened to ask us, she said, where are you guys from?
And we said, oh, we're from Ham Lake.
Pretty sure she had no idea where that was.
And so she went to ring up our bill.
And as she was doing that, I just, I had this thought that I attribute to the Holy Spirit.
And it was, why don't you invite her to church?
She's already asking you questions about yourself.
Why don't you ask her a question and then invite her to church?
And so she came back and I said, well, where do you live?
And she said, I live in Minneapolis and started kind of telling us a little bit about that.
And I said, oh, you know what?
I'm a pastor of the church.
We have a campus in Minneapolis.
It's called Eagle Brook.
She said, oh, I've seen the signs.
Isn't that off 11th Street in Hennepin?
I said, yeah, that's the one.
I started talking about what I love about our church.
And at the end, she goes, you know what?
I think I'm gonna come.
I was at a dinner recently with some Eagle Brook families.
And I was talking to a guy, he's a football coach.
He said, I think I've gotten eight or nine of my guys to come to church.
I said, you're not a football coach.
You are an ambassador of Christ.
Same night, I was talking to a woman who works as a nurse in the cancer treatment area of Mayo Clinic.
I said, you're not just a nurse.
You are the hands and feet of Jesus.
You are loving people and caring for people in some of their hardest moments of life.
I was talking to another woman who leads a Bible study for middle school girls out of her house.
Do you see your life that way?
Do you see yourself as having a ministry as being on a mission?
In Luke chapter 15, Jesus tells three stories and in all of them, something has been lost.
So there's a lost sheep, a lost coin, a lost son and in each of the stories, what's been lost matters to someone.
So the sheep matters to the shepherd and the coin matters to the woman who is poor and the son matters to the father.
My wife, Sarah and I, we have five kids, so there's a higher probability we're gonna lose one.
Don't judge, but there's just a higher property, or you're gonna lose one of your kids.
We were at the old holodazzle parade in downtown Minneapolis, this was years ago, and when the parade was over, everybody's just racing to get to their car, beat traffic, and so I'm the same.
We're going through Macy's department store.
I'm like, okay, come on, we gotta go, go, go.
My daughter Isabel, who was three years old at the time, all of a sudden she goes, I gotta go to the bathroom.
And I'm like, you've got to be kidding me.
We got snow pants and hats and mittens and boots.
So I said to Sarah, I said, hey, you stay here with the boys.
I'll go take Isabelle to the bathroom.
We got done.
We were walking back to meet Sarah and I looked over to my right and there was no Isabelle.
And so I start calling out her name.
I start retracing my steps.
I am in a full on panic at this point.
I mean, I'm imagining going up to Sarah and going, I lost our daughter.
department store in Minneapolis, you know, we're going about it.
I mean, I am panicking.
Just then I looked over and I saw a blonde ponytail poking out of a coat rack.
She had been playing hide and seek and thought that was really funny.
I didn't think it was very funny.
And so I went over and I kind of peeled the coats back.
I looked her in the eyes and I said, let's not tell your mom about this.
When you lose something that's valuable for you, what do you do?
You go search for it.
At no point did I think to myself, you know what?
She'll turn up.
And somebody will call us tomorrow, you know, we'll come back and get her.
I mean, I never once thought that because when you lose something that's valuable to you, what do you do?
You drop everything, you go searching for it.
In Luke 15, Jesus says, here's what God would drop everything for.
Here's what he would go searching for.
It's a lost person.
And when one lost person, one person who is spiritually lost comes to Christ.
It says that there is an all-out celebration in heaven.
Here's what it says in verse seven.
In the same way, heaven will be happier.
Over one lost person who returns to God,
than over 99 others who haven't strayed away.
It's a man named Don Ritchie who lives in Australia and he lives next to a cliff as known as the Gap.
And here's a picture of what the Gap looks like, it's beautiful.
But it's a really steep cliff and at some point along the way it became known as a place where people would go to take their own life.
So people would jump off the cliff to their own demise.
And Don Ritchie who's pictured here would live, he lived across the street.
And he developed this practice that when he would see someone walking up on the cliff, the part where people would often jump, he would get out of his house, he would walk across the street, and he would yell out to them, can I help you?
And then he would say, come on over to my house, we can talk and have some tea.
As of 2009, Don Ritchie is credited with talking and preventing 180 people from taking their own life.
He was given a medal of honor by the nation of Australia.
When asked about his suicide prevention, Don Ritchie said this, he said, well, you can't just sit there and watch him.
Every day, about 170,000 people die.
And many of them are on what Jesus calls the wide road.
It's a wide road that leads to destruction.
It leads to separation from God for all of eternity.
And we can't just sit there and watch them.
Who is that person in your life who needs to hear about Christ?
Could you pray for them?
Could you tell them about Jesus?
Could you invite them to church?
In three weeks, we're starting a new series called Encounters with Jesus.
We've been working on this series for several months.
It's through the Gospel of Mark, and here's our prayer for this series.
That people wouldn't just know about Jesus, but they would know Him.
That people wouldn't just hear about Jesus, but that they would have an encounter with Jesus.
Week one of that series is, will you follow Jesus?
It's the perfect message to invite someone to.
Who needs to hear that message in your life?
Who is that person that you're praying for that you're talking to that you could invite to hear that message and to hear the news of what Jesus wants to do in that person's life?
Why does our church care so much for lost people?
Here's two reasons.
The first one, heaven and hell are real.
We don't often think about this, but heaven and hell are real.
It was reading through a book in the New Testament called Jude.
And Jude, the author has some kind of bullet point quick things for Christians.
And he says, keep yourself in the love of God.
And then he writes these words.
He says, save others by snatching them from the fire.
And I read that verse and I just stared at it.
What does it mean to snatch someone from the fire?
How do you do that?
And so I started studying this verse.
And the way you do that is to share the gospel.
We don't save people.
God saves people.
And the way that he's done that is through the good news of what Christ did on the cross for them.
When you start telling people about Jesus and what he did and the gospel, that's how you saved someone and snatched someone from the fire.
That's why the book of Romans says how beautiful are the feet of those who bring the good news.
There's a man named Wells Crowther who worked for a stock company that was based at the World Trade Center South Towers.
and he was there on 9-11.
He was working on the 77th floor.
At 9-03, a plane crashed into the tower.
At 9-12, he called his mom to tell her that he was okay.
He then went from the 77th floor down to the 76th floor in the lobby, and there were 17 people who were injured.
One of them, a woman named Lucy was badly burned, and so when Wells wasn't a stock trader, he was a volunteer firefighter.
He scooped up Lucy, he said to the other 16, follow me, and he led them down the stairwell to safety.
And then Wells Crowther did something that I don't think most of us would do.
He ran back up.
He had a red bandana in his backpack, he put it over his face,
to breathe with all the smoke and the debris, and he ran back up to try to save more people.
Afterwards, people would talk and they would say, who is that guy in the red bandana?
We were all running down, he was running up.
And people would report, you know, this guy in the red bandana picked me up and brought me down to safety, who is that person?
Wells is credited with saving 18 people's lives that day.
And then at 959, the tower collapsed while Wells was in the stairwell.
He died a hero.
Are you running away from lost people or are you running towards lost people?
See, it's so easy to go, well, those people over there, like they're lost and all these things, I'm just gonna run away from them.
I don't want to have anything to do with them.
They're evil.
We just got to be a get rid of them.
Are you running away from lost people or are you running to lost people?
Jude said you can save some by snatching them out of the fire.
We don't work at the wells or at the trade center towers, like Wells Crowther did.
But every day you go to work, every day you go to school, every day you're around people who spiritually speaking are lost and need to be rescued.
Jesus said it this way.
He said, I came to seek and to save the lost.
That was Jesus' mission.
And that is the mission he's given to the church.
The great commission is the mission of every single follower of Christ.
If you go to any number of churches, you might see many different things that you go, oh, that's what they care about the most.
And then they're all good things.
They're all things that you're like, yeah, that's important, it's good, but is it the most important?
In his purest form, Jesus said, here is my mission.
I came to this earth to do what?
To seek and to save that which was lost.
Who's that one person in your life?
We share numbers after Christmas of how many people came.
We had over 73,000 people attend in person this year.
We talk about the over 600 people who gave their life to Christ.
I get excited by that.
But the reason why I get excited by that is not because it's a big number and not because it's a number, I get excited because it represents one.
It represents one mom or dad and their son or daughter has been praying for them for years and they had a bad church experience and 40, 50 years later, they still reject God.
And they came to church and God opened up their eyes and they believed
and they received eternal life and their son and their daughter went home and they said, thank you God.
It's one son, one daughter who drifts away from God and their parents are praying and they're on their knees begging God that their son or daughter would come home.
And they come to church on Christmas and they hear the message of Jesus, they hear the gospel and God opens their eyes and they receive eternal life.
And those parents are just crying and going, God, thank you.
Thank you for hearing my prayer.
It's one person who was spiritually lost who comes to know God who is found.
Who's your one?
Maybe another way of saying it is who is that person in your life who is the furthest from God but the closest to you?
Who comes to mind?
Who's the closest to you but they're the furthest from God?
That's your one.
That's the person to pray for, to talk to, to invite them.
Now it strikes me before I leave this point, you might be someone else's one.
You might be here today because there's a person in your life who loves you and cares for you and wants you to know God.
The Bible says we are all going to die.
And when you die, you will immediately face judgment.
And you will either be judged for your life or what Jesus did on the cross for you.
The Bible says the wages of sin is death.
That's what we earn from our sin.
It's death and separation from God.
But the good news is that Jesus Christ offers you a gift.
You just have to receive at His grace and His forgiveness into your life.
The Bible says, if you'll confess with your lips and believe in your heart, you will be saved.
Here's the second reason why our church cares so much about lost people.
It says, the church is God's plan A.
China has passed laws that effectively make telling people about Jesus illegal.
You try to tell someone about Jesus, you could get arrested in China.
You can't print Bibles, you can't print Christian books and materials.
All of that's considered illegal.
Now, when I hear stuff like that, I get angry.
I think Jesus giggles.
You want to know the fastest growing countries in the world when it comes to people becoming followers of Christ right now?
It's China and Iran.
That's where the most people are coming to faith.
It is estimated that by the year 2050, there's going to be 100 million Christians in China.
Many of them are young, educated, going to secret underground churches.
In Iran, it is considered a national security threat if a person becomes a follower of Christ, and you can be punished with the harshest form of punishment.
That's where the church is growing.
Jesus said, I am going to build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail against it.
You can pass all the laws you want.
Jesus said, I am going to build my church all throughout history, people have tried to stop the church.
New Testament, there was a man named Saul killing Christians, persecuting Christians, trying to stop the movement of Christianity and then on the road on the way to a city called Damascus.
He has a vision.
Jesus speaks to him and he changes his name from Saul to Paul.
He becomes the Apostle Paul who brings the message of Jesus Christ all throughout the Mediterranean world.
There's always been people trying to stop the church.
Mao, Stalin, Nero, Emperor Caesar.
Today we've named a salad after Caesar.
And the name of Jesus reigns forever.
He is the Lord of Lords and he is the King of Kings.
We opened a campus in Plymouth this past fall, and it's just been unbelievable the stories that are coming out of there.
We've had, on average, 3,000 people attend every weekend.
And some of the stories are just amazing.
There was one guy who lived in the neighborhood, didn't go to our church.
He saw all the cars and people, and so he's not walking his dog.
So he just stopped in.
He handed the dog to one of our pastors, like, hey, can you hold my dog?
And so here's one of our pastors, like the things you don't know you're going to do in seminary.
He's just kind of sitting there with a dog.
And the guy comes out and he goes, you know what?
I think I'm going to come back.
There was a young couple that had both lost their parents and they were hurting and they were looking for something.
I started coming to church and as they walked out, they said, you know what?
I think we found our church.
I just got an email this week from a woman who had story after story from the Plymouth campus.
She said her neighbor was a middle schooler, got invited by a friend, didn't go to church at all, started coming to ground zero, loves it so much that even when her friend doesn't come, she comes by herself now.
There was another middle school student who started volunteering in our kids ministry, texted this woman and said, that was the best morning of my life.
Experiencing the joy of serving God.
One of their other neighbors had moved here from China, and they bought them a Bible, and we're starting to talk to them about Jesus.
And this was all just in one email.
That's the church.
That's the mission that God has given every single follower of Christ.
The church is God's plan A.
One of my favorite stories in the history of our church happened the weekend that we opened up our Spring Lake Park campus.
And we had previously been Spring Lake Park Baptist Church.
They were kind of struggling a little bit, trying to figure out what to do.
And so they voted to become an Eaglebrook campus.
And not everybody was happy about that.
There was people who left the church.
There were people who were like, well, we'll check it out and kind of see how it goes.
The weekend that we opened was a blizzard.
We're like, nobody's gonna come.
Like, why would I have a blizzard on this weekend?
No one's gonna show up at how wrong we were.
We had to set out extra chairs.
We had to have staff members go out and try to help with parking, because the parking lot was full.
We were parking people in the street.
Somebody called the cops.
I mean, the whole thing was just chaotic.
And the whole time there was this 80-year-old woman who had been a part of the previous church, friendly part Baptist.
She was standing on the street corner, the snow was coming down.
And with tears in her eyes, she just said, look at what God is doing.
She said, I've been praying for years that God would fill this building again.
I've been praying for years that people would start coming to Christ and young people would start turning to God.
And she stood there, tears in her eyes just going, look at what God is doing.
The church is God's plan A.
In 2024, there was a church in Red Wing, Minnesota, that reached out to us wondering if we would have interest in launching an Eaglebrook campus in their building.
I want you to see the story of that church.
Take a look.
City of Red Wing is very unique.
The downtown's so alive, a lot of businesses, a lot of restaurants.
The Bluffs obviously are very beautiful because that small town feel where people get to know each other.
And yeah, just such a friendly and welcoming town.
My name is Bruce Jarman.
I'm the campus pastor here at our Red Wing campus.
I've been here since we opened last October, 2024.
Hi, I'm Janie Fair.
This is my husband Dave, and we've lived here about 20 years.
So when we moved here in 2006, finding a church was super important to us.
We wanted our kids to grow up in it.
We wanted to be involved in serving, and so we tried a bunch of different churches, and Cornerstone was the one.
We loved the preacher, we loved the people here, we loved kind of the focus and mission of being downtown, and to reach people for Christ.
I think cornerstone always wanted just people to feel like they were loved and mattered and that we were gonna meet them where they were at.
Cornerstone Church was a church that's been in this community for many years.
Great church, great core group of people, about 80 people, but they were struggling to sustain it and to reach out to Eaglebrook and ask them what would it look like for them to become an Eaglebrook campus.
And so that started a conversation about what that would look like.
And there was excitement, I think, on both sides.
I would say on all things, the Spirit of God has always been here in this congregation of following what God wants us to do.
People praying, people praying for direction, and it just happened easily.
Like the option came up for Eagle Brook in a different way of doing things.
And I think people were excited for a new way of reaching people for Christ.
For the most part, it was a smooth transition from Cornerstone to Eagle Brook.
And from the day that we opened, we have felt
accepted in this community.
And opening weekend, we had 811 people.
It was a sad time, but I think a lot of people saw that coming that, you know, it couldn't last forever.
And I've been pleasantly amazed at how God has worked, you know, from transitioning us from Cornerstone to Eagleberg.
It's encouraging because I think God was at every step of the way.
For some reason, I believe that this was God's plan from the beginning.
There seemed to be all these stories that linked us all together, and then you're like, that's why that happened, or that's why the Holy Spirit worked there, and so just was meant to be.
I'm amazed because we see new people come in the doors every week.
whether they've not been to church in a long time or maybe not at all.
Our staff is hearing different stories that I've never seen a church like this.
I've been apprehensive to attend church and I come in and I feel welcome and just the messages are right to me.
And so we have seen new people come in every week and just hearing some amazing stories.
My name is Lisa and I'm from Wanna Mango and I joined Eel Brooke about a year ago.
I had received some pretty heartbreaking news and it was pretty much sink or swim for me.
I was feeling broken spiritually, emotionally and physically.
I just felt defeated and I didn't know where to turn.
I was just really in a hurting place in my life.
And I decided to start attending Eagle Brook here at the Red Wing campus and it was definitely a life-changing experience for me.
And that is basically what saved me.
It pulled me through.
I have changed because I've learned that the mistakes I've made in my past, Jesus forgives us.
He loves us unconditionally.
I strive to be a better person now.
I try not to judge others.
I try to live a life that Christ would want to see me growing in.
I've made a decision to dedicate my life to Jesus.
I'll be getting baptized here in the church in three weeks.
So that's been a really great decision.
And it just gives me hope more than anything.
It gives me hope.
People need hope and people need a purpose and our purpose is in God.
We were created to be with Him.
So yeah, so the more people you can reach to bring people to God, that's what Jesus challenged us to do, go out and make disciples.
That's our one job.
I don't know how people get through life without having a relationship with Christ.
So I don't know how they get through their work.
I don't know how they get through illnesses and the hard things in life without having a faith in God.
So again, that's why we need to bring people to Christ to help them with their lives.
I believe if people had a church foundation of church family, there to support them, they would know that they're not going through life alone.
And they'd learn that Jesus is there with you, no matter how alone you feel you are in this world.
You have Jesus walking alongside you every step of the way.
And that's why I think what Eaglebrook Church is doing is so important.
I love the mission of our church, that we are laser focused
to reach people for Jesus.
And that never stops every week.
We're seeing stories unfold.
We're seeing lives transformed.
And we see that all across all of our campuses, that we are reaching people for Jesus.
And that is the most important thing that we could do.
And I love that that is our mission.
Got an email last year from someone.
Yeah, go ahead.
I got an email last year from someone who had been a part of the previous church, and he was saying that for three years in a row, they'd had to cancel their baptism service.
Because they didn't have anybody who was wanting to baptize.
And then last year, by the grace of God, we had over 20 people make a decision to get baptized and publicly declare their faith in Jesus Christ.
And God is moving in that place in a powerful and new way.
People ask me sometimes, why does Eaglebrook keep expanding?
And I get the question, but I always think to myself, why not?
Why not try to reach more people for Christ in this short time we have on this earth?
Why not try to reach more people who are spiritually lost and bring them home?
Why not be a part of what God is doing to restore marriages and families and lives?
Why would we not want to do more of that?
And so a better question than why do we keep expanding is what's next?
And what's next is we want to be ready if another campus like Red Wing becomes a possibility for us.
We want to be prepared for that.
And here's how we can do that.
When you give to our church online, there's two different drop-down boxes.
One of them says general fund.
And the general fund is how we do church.
When you see thousands of students coming on Wednesday nights and worshiping God and giving their lives to Christ, you're a part of that.
If you're someone who's giving and you're generous, you are a part of that.
I hope you feel that.
But there's also a drop-down box that says expansion fund.
We created this several years ago.
We said we want to have a mission.
We want to use the resources we have to reach people for Christ.
And so we created just that expansion fund that all that goes outside the walls of our church to reach new people.
And so if you're someone who gives, I want to thank you for that.
I want to thank you for your generosity.
But I would also challenge you and urge you to be praying and saying, God, are you stirring something in my heart?
Is there something in you going, man, I want to be a part of the mission of God.
I don't want to just consume.
I want to contribute.
I want to be a part of the mission that God has to reach people.
We can't just sit and watch them.
As you came in today, you received this card, and there's a QR code if you're online.
You can scan the QR code.
There's also the web address on there where you can get to our expansion fund.
But here's what I believe with all my heart.
Jesus says, go.
That is the mission he's given.
The church, that is a mission he has given you in your life to go and make disciples, to snatch people out of the fire.
We cannot just sit and watch them.
So who is that person in your life?
Who is that person that God is saying to you right now?
Go.
Let's pray together as we close.
God, right now in this moment by your spirit, would you bring a name or a face to our mind?
A name or a face of someone in our life that we know who needs you, God, who needs to hear about you, who needs to experience your love
God, bring a name, bring a face to our mind right now in this moment, God, and I pray for the courage and I pray for the opportunity to talk to that person about Jesus.
God, go before us right now.
Prepare something in that person's heart that way they would be willing to receive and willing to listen, God, and I pray that you would go before us and that you would use us, God.
that you would use every single person in this church, that no one would take a pass on this and kind of sit back up, but you would use every single person in this church to reach lost people, to share the message of the gospel that is life-changing for every single human being.
God, I pray right now that we would go, that we would make disciples, that we would not just sit and watch, but that we would be part of the greatest rescue mission
on planet earth, I thank you, God, that you seek and save the lost.
You seek and save that which is lost.
And God, I thank you because every one of us in this room at one point in our life was spiritually lost.
And you found us, God.
You left the 99 and you came for us as one.
God, I pray that you would use us to be a part of that mission.
We pray in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Hey, thanks for being here so much this week.
We'll see you next weekend.